OCPRHV-315 Document UPI deployment of OCP 4 on RHV VMs [enterprise-4.6] (#26484)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-rhv-requirements.adoc

//
// * installing/installing_rhv/installing-rhv-custom.adoc
// * installing/installing_rhv/installing-rhv-default.adoc
// * installing/installing_rhv/installing-rhv-user-infra.adoc

[id="installing-rhv-requirements_{context}"]
= Requirements for the {rh-virtualization} environment

To install and run an {product-title} cluster, the {rh-virtualization} environment must meet the following requirements.

Not meeting these requirements can cause the installation or process to fail. Additionally, not meeting these requirements can cause the {product-title} cluster to fail days or weeks after installation.

> The following requirements for CPU, memory, and storage resources are based on _default_ values multiplied by the default number of virtual machines the installation program creates. These resources must be available **aside from** what the {rh-virtualization} environment uses for non-{product-title} operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following requirements for CPU, memory, and storage resources are based on *default*values multiplied by the default number of virtual machines the installation program creates. These resources must be available *in addition to* what the {rh-virtualization} environment uses for non-{product-title} operations.
```

> By default, the installation program creates seven virtual machines during the installation process. First, it creates a bootstrap virtual machine to provide temporary services and a control plane while it creates the rest of the {product-title} cluster. When the installation program finishes creating the cluster, it deletes the bootstrap machine to free up its resources.

Reviewer: Is this true? Don't you manually have to delete the bootstrap?

Author: Thanks for catching issues like this. I scrubbed this shared module for IPI-specific statements like this one. With UPI, the user removes the bootsrap machine at the end of the process.

If you increase the number of virtual machines in the {rh-virtualization} environment, you must increase the resources accordingly.

.Requirements

* The {rh-virtualization} environment has one data center whose state is *Up*.
* The {rh-virtualization} data center contains an {rh-virtualization} cluster.
* The {rh-virtualization} cluster has the following resources exclusively for the {product-title} cluster:

> ** Minimum 28 vCPUs; four for each of the seven virtual machines created during installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Minimum 28 vCPUs: four for each of the seven virtual machines created during installation.
```

* In production environments, each virtual machine must have 120 GiB or more. Therefore, the storage domain must provide 840 GiB or more for the default {product-title} cluster. In resource-constrained or non-production environments, each virtual machine must have 32 GiB or more, so the storage domain must have 230 GiB or more for the default {product-title} cluster.
* To download images from the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog during installation and update procedures, the {rh-virtualization} cluster must have access to an internet connection. The Telemetry service also needs an internet connection to simplify the subscription and entitlement process.
// TBD - What about the disconnected installation alternative?
* The {rh-virtualization} cluster has a virtual network with access to the REST API on the {rh-virtualization} Manager.
* A user account and group with the following least privileges for installing and managing an {product-title} cluster on the target {rh-virtualization} cluster:
** `DiskOperator`
** `DiskCreator`
** `UserTemplateBasedVm`
** `TemplateOwner`
** `TemplateCreator`
** `ClusterAdmin` on the target cluster

+

> To create a user and group with these privileges, you can use the link:https://github.com/oVirt/ocp-on-ovirt/tree/master/installer-tools/ocpadmin[ovirt_ocpadmin_user-setup.yml Ansible playbook].

Reviewer: Did support approve this GitHub link?

Author: WIP

[WARNING]
====

> Apply the principle of least privilege: Avoid using an administrator account with `SuperUser` privileges on {rh-virtualization} during the installation process. The installation program saves the credentials you provide to a temporary `ovirt-config.yaml` file that could be compromised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply the principle of least privilege: Avoid using an administrator account with `SuperUser` privileges on {rh-virtualization} during the installation process. The installation program saves the credentials you provide to a temporary `ovirt-config.yaml` file that might be compromised.
```
